Add remove, delete, add and create guidelines (#13593)
home-assistant/frontend: gallery/src/pages/Text/remove-delete-add-create.markdown

---
title: When to use remove, delete, add and create
subtitle: The difference between remove/delete and add/create.
---

# Remove vs Delete

> Remove and Delete are quite similarly, but can be frustrating if used inconsistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove and Delete are quite similar, but can be frustrating if used inconsistently.
```
